Schedules Landing Page (#2933)
temporalio/documentation: docs/evaluate/development-features/schedules.mdx

---
id: schedules
title: Schedules - Temporal Development Feature

> description: Discover how to automate and control your Workflow executions with Temporal's scheduling capabilities. Learn the benefits of scheduling Workflows and explore best practices to ensure timely and efficient execution of your business processes.

Reviewer: I vote to lose the first sentence because we aren't controlling the executions themselves. I think just the second sentence is enough! :)

> description: Discover how to automate and control your Workflow executions with Temporal's scheduling capabilities. Learn the benefits of scheduling Workflows and explore best practices to ensure timely and efficient execution of your business processes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learn the benefits of scheduling Workflows Executions and explore best practices to ensure timely and efficient execution of your business processes.
```

sidebar_label: Schedules
tags:
  - schedules
  - Workflow-automation
  - temporal-Workflows
  - scheduling
keywords:
  - temporal schedules
  - automate Workflows
  - schedule Workflow executions
  - temporal scheduling best practices
  - Workflow automation temporal
  - schedule management
  - temporal Workflow scheduling
---

import { RelatedReadContainer, RelatedReadItem } from '@site/src/components/related-read/RelatedRead';

Schedules in Temporal allow you to control the timing of your Workflow executions, enabling you to handle time-sensitive tasks with precision.

> By scheduling Workflows, you can automate repetitive tasks, reduce the need for manual intervention, and ensure the timely execution of your business processes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By scheduling Workflow Executions, you can automate repetitive tasks, reduce the need for manual intervention, and ensure the timely execution of your business processes.
```

> Temporal's scheduling capabilities provide a robust framework for managing Workflow executions.

Reviewer: I think we can lose this sentence

> With schedules, you can create, backfill, delete, describe, list, pause, trigger, and update Workflow executions, giving you complete control over your automation processes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With schedules, you can create, backfill, delete, describe, list, pause, trigger, and update Workflow Executions, giving you complete control over your automation processes.
```

> Whether you need to schedule a Workflow to run at regular intervals or at a specific future time, Temporal makes it easy to ensure your Workflows are executed exactly when needed.

Reviewer: I think this is redundant because it's similar to other stuff earlier on in the page personally!! But if you decide to keep it:

```suggestion
Whether you need to schedule a Workflow Execution to run at regular intervals or at a specific future time, Temporal makes it easy to ensure your Workflow Executions are executed exactly when needed.
```
